README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# TissueTMDD

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

TissueTMDD is a shiny that provide an interactive way to run simulations
of drug-target binding in tissue interstitial space.

Using TissueTMDD, you can:

- Setup simulation parameters,
- Run simulations,
- Compare simulations,
- Export and import simulation settings

![](vignettes/assets/tmdd_preview.gif)

## Installation

You can install the latest released version of TissueTMDD from
[GitHub](https://github.com/) with:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("esqLABS/TissueTMDD@*release")
```

To install the latest development version, run:

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("esqLABS/TissueTMDD")
```

## Run the App

``` r
library(TissueTMDD)
run_app()
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the TissueTMDD project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Update README with installation isntructions

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

# TissueTMDD

<!-- badges: start -->

[![Lifecycle:
experimental](https://img.shields.io/badge/lifecycle-experimental-orange.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
<!-- badges: end -->

TissueTMDD is a shiny that provide an interactive way to run simulations
of drug-target binding in tissue interstitial space.

Using TissueTMDD, you can:

- Setup simulation parameters,
- Run simulations,
- Compare simulations,
- Export and import simulation settings

![](vignettes/assets/tmdd_preview.gif)

## Installation

### Install {rClr}

rClr cannot be installed from github or from CRAN directly, use the
following code to do so:

``` r
rClrURL <- if (R.Version()$major >= 4) {
  "https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/rClr/releases/download/v0.9.2/rClr_0.9.2.zip"
} else {
  "https://github.com/Open-Systems-Pharmacology/rClr/releases/download/v0.9.1-R3/rClr_0.9.1.zip"
}

install.packages(rClrURL,
  repos = NULL,
  type = "binary"
)
```

### Install TissueTMDD

``` r
# install.packages("remotes")
remotes::install_github("esqLABS/TissueTMDD")
```

## Installation (bis)

If the previous solution did not work, you can try the following

1.  Download the source code
    [here](https://github.com/esqLABS/TissueTMDD/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
2.  Unzip it and open the `.Rproj` file with RStudio.
3.  Run `install.packages("renv")` in the R console.
4.  Run `renv::restore()` in the R console.

## Run the App

``` r
library(TissueTMDD)
run_app()
```

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the TissueTMDD project is released with a [Contributor
Code of
Conduct](https://contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.html).
By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
